feat: ability to specify the default browser in cypress config (#30517)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

_Released 11/5/2024 (PENDING)_

**Features:**

> - Added ability to specify the default running browser in cypress config. Addresses [#6646](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/6646).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new [`defaultBrowser`](https://docs.cypress.io/app/references/configuration) configuration option to specify the default browser to launch. Addresses [#6646](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/6646).
```

> - Added new [`defaultBrowser`](https://docs.cypress.io/app/references/configuration) configuration option to specify the default browser to launch. Addresses [#6646](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/6646).

Reviewer 2: It'd be great to specify the behavior of  what this will functionally do in open vs run mode here.

Author: @jennifer-shehane do you mean in the changelog or the documentation https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/5991 ?
